NARRATOR During our heroes'
journey to the Anistar City Gym
where Ash hopes to win
his seventh Kalos Gym badge
they find themselves
in a rainstorm.
Next stop?
The Pokémon Center.
Oh, we were really lucky
there was a Pokémon Center
so close by.
You got a little wet.
Yeah, but I'm okay.
'How are you, Dedenne?'
[CHEERFUL]
I'll take care of Pikachu
and your other Pokémon.
You'll be back
on your journey in no time.
[PLEASANT]
Thanks, Nurse Joy.
[EMPHATIC]
Aw.
BONNIE
Aw, come on.
Is this rain ever gonna stop?
[DISAPPOINTED]
[chuckle]
Perfect.
Because the future is now,
thanks to science!
'Clemontic Gear, on!'
I thought we'd encounter
a situation
precisely like this one.
I call this
The Weather Predictor.
[gasps]
Not the most creative name
I've heard.
Alright, I'll start
collecting data right away.
'I point it towards the sky.'
'Then, it collects lots of data'
'like the movement of
rainclouds, wind, humidity'
'and temperature, which it uses
to predict the weather.'
Wow. Science is so amazing.
SERENA
Uh, Clemont?
When do you expect
to have the results?
Now, let me see.
It should take approximately
one day to collect the data
but the results will be perfect.
‐ Ah?
‐ A whole day?
See, by then it won't even
be raining any more.
Hm, if I raise
the analysis speed
maybe it'll work faster.
Now..
[all gasp]
What's going on?
[grunts]
It never fails to fail.
Back to the drawing board,
big brother.
[grunts]
♪ You're just a kid on a quest ♪
♪ To be the best of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know
you're up to the test ♪
♪ There's only one way
to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a Hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a hero ♪
♪ The future of the world
is in your hand ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"ADVENTURES IN RUNNING ERRANDS!"
Okay, here we go.
[PLEASANT]
Yes!
[EXCITED]
How're you feeling, buddy?
Everyone's feeling
perfectly fine.
ASH/CLEMONT/SERENA
Thank you so much, Nurse Joy.
Great.
It's still coming down.
Why don't we just hang out here
a little bit longer?
CLEMONT
'That's a good idea.'
[indistinct chatter]
‐ Huh?
‐ What's going on here?
‐ 'What happened?'
‐ 'It's a blackout!'
[NERVOUS]
Everybody stay calm!
[ANXIOUS]
We've got a problem.
What's going on, Nurse Joy?
None of the equipment
is working.
Huh? That's bad.
There may be a problem
with the main system.
Would it be alright with you
if I go and have a look?
Sure. This way.
[URGENT]
[WORRIED]
In here.
[gasps]
CLEMONT 'It looks to me like
that leak
caused a short
circuit.'
A short circuit?
You mean it's broken?
[screams]
What do I do?
I'm still in the middle
of treating several Pokémon.
[ANXIOUS]
Clemont!
Do you think you can fix that?
Do you?
Just a minute.
Hm, so it's a type zero,
zero, two.
I can do this.
Let's give it a try!
NURSE JOY
'Oh, would you? Thanks!'
Just leave it to me.
I'm pretty good
at repairing things.
So let's let Clemont
handle this
and we'll do whatever we can
to help him out.
Okay.
Since the Pokémon Center
is without power
people will need help.
I wanna help too. Yay!
Thanks to all of you.
You're sweet.
[THANKFUL]
First we're gonna have to figure
out how to stop that leak.
I'll go up and have a look
at the roof, okay.
But Ash,
it's still pouring rain.
‐ Be careful.
‐ Right.
Of course.
Now, why didn't I think
of that before?
Luxray!
[APPEARING]
Luxray and Pikachu
can produce enough power
to run the Pokémon Center.
Then the system
should be able to function
for at least a little while.
Think you can do it, buddy?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Hey! Dedenne can help too.
Will you?
I'm sure you'll be great.
[EAGER]
Dedenne wants to help out.
We're all set. Go ahead!
[EXERTION]
[DETERMINED]/[EXERTION]
[gasps]
Huh?
‐ We're up and running!
‐ Pikachu!
Luxray and Dedenne!
Keep up the good work.
BONNIE
You can do it!
[THANKFUL]
Good luck!
Thanks. I'll do my best.
I'm terribly sorry.
All of our healing equipment
is down right now.
But these berries can help.
So, please,
take whatever you need.
[WARM]
You need an Oran Berry.
Nurse Joy? Would you let us
help you out with this?
That would be wonderful.
I need to go check on a Pokémon
who's in need of some
special treatment.
‐ Sure.
‐ Leave it to us.
SERENA 'Come on out,
Braixen and Pancham!'
[CONFIDENT]
Everybody form a line here.
[INTENT]
[Ash grunts]
Hm. Hm?
There it is.
[screams and grunts]
Okay.
'Hawlucha!'
[CONFIDENT]
'Frogadier!'
[EAGER]
Okay, I've gotta fix the roof.
Do you think you two
can help me out?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Okay, first,
make us some Frubbles
'cause it's pretty slippery.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[FRUBBLES MOVE]
Awesome! Thanks, Frogadier!
[INTENT]
[EXERTION]
I need you
to hold this for me, okay?
Now, Frogadier
check to see if there
are any more holes, okay?
[indistinct chatter]
[THANKFUL]
[CONCERNED]
[grunts]
[INTENT]
How is it going?
[POSITIVE]
Is there anything
I can get for you?
‐ Yes, this.
‐ Huh?
This fuse isn't working anymore
and needs to be replaced.
Do you happen to have a spare?
Hm, I don't, but I think
there might be a shop nearby.
So that means
I'll have to go get another one.
I wish I could help you.
[screams]
Uh‐oh! Another short.
I've gotta get this fixed
as soon as possible!
[grunts]
[EXCITED]
Huh? Chespin.
[CONFUSED]
[SURPRISED]
[URGENT]
Wow, that would be great if you
can go and get that fuse for me.
[EAGER]
I'm counting on you.
Thanks a lot.
Please go and get it
as soon as you can.
[PROUD]
'Bunnelby?'
[SURPRISED]
'Will you go with Chespin
for me?'
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[EAGER]
[CONCERNED]
[CONFIDENT]
Looks like
the rain's finally stopped.
[HAPPY]/[EXERTION]
Hey, wait a second! Here.
'I've written down what I need
down on this piece of paper.'
Please show it
to the shopkeeper.
Okay?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
'The shop is right down
that path.'
There are no turns,
so you can't get lost, got it?
[CONFIDENT]
[EXCITED]
Don't forget!
Stay on the path!
ASH Where are Chespin
and Bunnelby going?
‐ I sent them out on an errand.
‐ Wow, good for them.
Hey, you two! Good luck!
[THANKFUL]
That's that.
I guess I'd better finish up
a little bit more work
before they get back.
‐ Be careful up there!
‐ Right.
Frogadier,
throw us another board.
[EXERTION]
That's perfect.
We're getting close.
[HAPPY]
Aw, isn't that sweet?
Out on a mission for the Twerps,
which means..
Catch as catch can
and after we catch 'em
we'll use them to reel
in Pikachu.
Now, that's a catchy plan.
Shall we go then?
Talley ho!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
GROUP
"Who's that Pokémon?"
"It's Jigglypuff!"
[MERRY]
[DISMISSIVE]
[EXCITED]
[IMPRESSED]
[JOYOUS]
[ANNOYED]
[HAPPY]/[SURPRISED]
[GUILTY]
[EXASPERATED]
CHESPIN
[EXERTION]
BUNNELBY
[ANNOYED]/[EXERTION]
CHESPIN
[STRUGGLING]
[SNEAKY]
[SURPRISED]
[LOVE SICK]
BUNNELBY/CHESPIN
[ANNOYED]/[SAD]
BUNNELBY
[CALM]
[EXCITED]
[PROUD]
[CONFUSED]
[ALARMED]/[URGENT]
[CURIOUS]
[URGENT]
Great!
Now, there won't be a problem
no matter how much it rains.
Huh? Why are you two
dressed like that?
Oh. Hi, Ash!
Since we're helping out
Nurse Joy
we thought we'd better look
the part.
She gave them for us to wear!
Whoa. What do you know?
Well, Ash,
How do you think I look?
It looks comfortable.
Yeah, you look great!
‐ Like the real Nurse Joy.
‐ Really? Thanks!
‐ You, too, Bonnie.
‐ I do?
Do you think I could be
Nurse Joy someday?
‐ Sure.
‐ Yay!
That's great!
Okay, I'm gonna go tell
Nurse Joy the roof is fixed.
Oh. Sure.
‐ Um..
‐ Oh, hello there, sir.
Do you have a Pokémon
who needs help?
[EXCITED]
[EXERTION]
[VINE WHIP MOVE]
[STARTLED]
[FRUSTRATED]
[WORRIED]
[ANGRY]
[EXERTION]
[SHOCKED]
[DETERMINED]
[EXERTION]
[SURPRISED]
[STRUGGLING]
[FURIOUS]
[FRUSTRATED]
[EXCITED]
[ANGRY]
[EXERTION]/[RELIEVED]
[RELIEVED]
[SURPRISED]/[SCARED]
[AGGRESSIVE]
[SCARED] [SCARED]
[EXERTION]
[FRUSTRATED]
[ALARMED]/[EXERTION]
[DIG MOVE]
[URGENT]
[AGGRESSIVE]
[FRUSTRATED]
[RELIEVED]
[PLEASED]
[CURIOUS]
[CONFUSED]
[CONCERNED]
[EFFORT]
[SLEEPING]
Hey! How's it going?
[EXCITED]
Wow. You're really working hard.
[FATIGUED]
‐ I'm almost done here.
‐ Huh.
Chespin and Bunnelby
have been gone
for kind of a long time,
haven't they?
You're right.
I hope those two are doing okay.
I'll ask Fletchinder
and Noibat to look.
Perfect!
Pikachu and Luxray
'just a little longer, okay?'
PIKACHU/LUXRAY
[AFFIRMATIVE]/[DETERMINED]
Fletchinder, Noibat,
come on out!
[CONFIDENT]
Chespin and Bunnelby headed out
in the direction of that hill.
Will you go look for them?
FLETCHINDER/NOIBAT
[AFFIRMATIVE]/[DETERMINED]
CHESPIN
[SURPRISED]
BUNNELBY
[CONFUSED]
[HOPEFUL]
[DETERMINED]
[FATIGUED]
[EXHAUSTED]
[EXCITED]
[EUPHORIC]/[STARTLED]
Prepare for trouble,
say 'Chespin' all day.
And make it double,
that's all you can say.
To protect the world
from devastation.
To unite all people
within our nation!
To denounce
the evils of truth and love.
To extend our reach
to the stars above!
‐ Jessie!
‐ And James.
Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light.
Surrender your errand.
Get ready to fight!
Meowth, that's right!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[CONCERNED]
You two bags of hot air
are going to be the bait
we use to catch Pikachu.
Be good Twerp Pokémon.
It's healthier for you.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[MOCKING]
[CHALLENGING]
You heard them, Gourgeist.
Go!
[APPEARING]
Shadow Ball, now!
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
[ALARMED]
Okay, Inkay, zoom!
[APPEARING]
[WORRIED]
Surrender's a wise choice.
[EMPHATIC]
Now, you two geniuses
don't think
you can actually beat us,
do you?
Why, you losers can't even take
care of one little errand.
[INSULTED]
JESSIE 'Okay, let's grab
these goofballs'
'and then grab Pikachu.'
I'm counting on you.
Thanks a lot!
[PENSIVE]
[DETERMINED]
[EXERTION]
Use Tackle!
[TACKLE MOVE]
[PAINED]
Now, Psybeam!
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
[SCARED]
[ATTACK]
[UNCOMFORTABLE]/[THANKFUL]
[SATISFIED]
Such disobedience.
Well, no bad deed
goes unpunished.
Gourgeist, Seed Bomb!
[SEED BOMB MOVE]
[VINE WHIP MOVE]
[PROUD]
That's it! Now, I'm mad!
Gourgeist, Shadow Ball,
let's go!
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
‐ Huh?
‐ No way!
[SHOCKED]
Are you guys alright?
[RELIEVED]
‐ Team Rocket!
‐ You?
What's the Twerp doing here?
You should be at the Pokémon
Center bein' dumb.
Time for plan B.
You have the honor of losing
first, Twerp.
Give it your best shot.
[URGENT]
[AFFIRMATIVE]/[EXERTION]
ASH
Chespin, Bunnelby, stand back!
Ill‐mannered brat.
Stop him in his Twerpish tracks!
Huh?
[ATTACK]
Bunnelby?
[ALARMED]
[PAINED]
[DETERMINED]
[ATTACK]
[ALARMED]
‐ Go ahead!
‐ Tell them, Meowth!
We're blasting off again!
[EXACERBATED]
[PROUD]
You know?
I had nothing to worry about
all along.
[GRATIFIED]
[SOLEMN]
So, Chespin.
About that errand.
Better go, quick!
[DETERMINED]
[EAGER]
Welcome back, Chespin, Bunnelby.
[EXCITED]
So you took care of it, huh?
Thank you.
It's perfect! Super job!
[PLEASED]
Now, let's get this fixed!
[DETERMINED]
Keep it up, guys!
Just a little more!
Yeah, come on!
All finished.
We should be ready to roll!
[gasps]
‐ We're back up.
‐ Alright!
‐ Great work, Clemont!
‐ Yay, big brother!
That's because of Chespin
and Bunnelby.
[GRATIFIED]
And you three.
[EXHAUSTED]
You were all so great.
I'm proud of you, Dedenne.
You're cool.
[SHEEPISH]
Wow. I can't thank you
enough for your help.
Because of your generosity,
the Pokémon will be just fine.
Thanks so much.
[GRATEFUL]
Nurse Joy?
Don't forget,
you're always there for us
whenever we need your help.
If you ever need anything else,
just let us know.
Chespin, you did a really
great thing today.
Here you go.
Eat as much as you want.
[EXCITED]
[DELIGHTED]
[UNCOMFORTABLE]
Ah..
I said eat as much as you want
but I didn't mean eat so much
you feel sick!
Oh, dear me.
[CONCERNED]
[SUFFERING]
So Chespin's the first
back‐online
Pokémon Center's patient.
Where does Chespin
put all that food?
[chuckles]
[SHEEPISH]
[RESIGNED]
Just relax!
You're gonna be fine!
[SUFFERING]
NARRATOR It's a job just about
done by Chespin and Bunnelby
as their courage
and tenacity helped
to get the Pokémon Center
up and running..
CLEMONT
'Chespin!'
...as the journey continues.
[theme music]